[Unknown]: Welcome to the IBM Podcast Network.
[Amit Varma]: Let me tell you about something that happened to me a long, long time ago.
[Amit Varma]: It was October 1947.
[Amit Varma]: I was hanging out with some of my buddies at the Starbucks in Connaught Place, when
[Amit Varma]: a tall, thin gentleman walked in.
[Amit Varma]: He wore what would today be called a Modi jacket over a finely tailored kurta and the
[Amit Varma]: tightest churidar known to man.
[Amit Varma]: He had a Gandhi cap on his head and he wore a pair of dark glasses.
[Amit Varma]: Despite this inept attempt at disguise, I instantly knew who he was.
[Amit Varma]: This was Jawaharlal Nehru, our dapper Prime Minister, out to see for himself what this
[Amit Varma]: fuss over Starbucks was all about.
[Amit Varma]: Nehru walked to the counter and I surreptitiously made my way behind him.
[Amit Varma]: The guy at the counter asked him what he wanted.
[Amit Varma]: Give me a Rusciano, he declared.
[Amit Varma]: Uh, we don't have anything called a Rusciano, the guy at the counter said.
[Amit Varma]: Would you like an Americano?
[Amit Varma]: Nehru looked all around.
[Amit Varma]: I stared at the ceiling, where I discovered a lizard.
[Amit Varma]: Satisfied that no one could overhear him, Nehru said, Okay, give me that.
[Amit Varma]: The guy told him it would be two rupees, you gotta remember this was 1947, and Nehru paid
[Amit Varma]: the two rupees with a high-denomination five-rupee note.
[Amit Varma]: The guy behind the counter said, Thank you.
[Amit Varma]: Two minutes later, a Starbucks barista shouted, Jawaharlal Nehru went forward to get his coffee.
[Amit Varma]: The man handed it to him and Nehru took the cup with a sneer on his face.
[Amit Varma]: The barista asked him, Hey, aren't you gonna say thank you?
[Amit Varma]: Nehru looked at him with contempt and said, Why should I thank you?
[Amit Varma]: You are exploiting me.
[Amit Varma]: How dare you run this business for profit?
[Amit Varma]: Shame on you.
[Unknown]: Welcome to The Seen and the Unseen, our weekly podcast on economics, politics, and behavioral
[Unknown]: science.
[Unknown]: Please welcome your host, Amit Badma.
[Amit Varma]: Welcome to The Seen and the Unseen.
[Amit Varma]: A long, long time ago, I can still remember, Jawaharlal Nehru said to JRD Tata, Never speak
[Amit Varma]: to me of profit.
[Amit Varma]: It is a dirty word.
[Amit Varma]: Now Nehru had selflessly served his country all his life, and he believed that the profit
[Amit Varma]: motive was a bad thing.
[Amit Varma]: He thought that it was equal to exploitation.
[Amit Varma]: But while he was a great statesman in many ways, he was wrong about this.
[Amit Varma]: The story at the start of this episode illustrates that.
[Amit Varma]: The American writer John Stossel, in an old column of his, asked his readers to think
[Amit Varma]: about what happens when they enter a cafe to order a coffee.
[Amit Varma]: When they pay for the coffee they want, the cashier says, Thank you.
[Amit Varma]: When they get their coffee, they say, Thank you, unlike our good friend Jawaharlal.
[Amit Varma]: Stossel calls this the double thank you moment.
[Amit Varma]: Both people said thank you because both people benefited from the transaction.
[Amit Varma]: And this is the crux of the matter.
[Amit Varma]: Every voluntary transaction between any two individuals benefits both people, otherwise
[Amit Varma]: they wouldn't transact in the first place.
[Amit Varma]: Economists call this a positive sum game.
[Amit Varma]: Now think about what this means.
[Amit Varma]: This means that if you are driven by self-interest and the profit motive, you can only benefit
[Amit Varma]: by providing value to other people, by making them better off in some way or the other.
[Amit Varma]: In other words, the profit motive is the surest guarantee of social service.
[Amit Varma]: Unless you serve other people, you cannot make a profit.
[Amit Varma]: And this is why Nehru was so wrong.
[Amit Varma]: His thinking, this distrust of the profit motive percolated down to the policy environment
[Amit Varma]: in early independent India.
[Amit Varma]: And it is one of the reasons why, through a panoply of crazy laws and regulations, the
[Amit Varma]: profit motive is effectively banned in education.
[Amit Varma]: I find this a travesty, because allowing the profit motive, to my mind, is the only guarantee
[Amit Varma]: of good service.
[Amit Varma]: And to speak about this with me today is Parth Shah, who runs a centre for civil society
[Amit Varma]: in New Delhi and has been the foremost advocate for education reform over the last two decades.
[Amit Varma]: Parth, welcome to the show.
[Amit Varma]: So Parth, tell me, what was the thinking behind banning the for-profit motive in education?
[Guest]: I think it's a very important question to raise about education.
[Guest]: And most people don't even think about that part of education.
[Guest]: Quite often, they are not even aware of the fact that there is no profit allowed in education
[Guest]: at all.
[Guest]: I think there is no single law that bans profit in education.
[Guest]: There are Supreme Court judgments over the years of various kinds, T.M.A.
[Guest]: Pai and many others, which talk about non-commercialization in education, talk about that surplus is
[Guest]: okay, but profit is not okay.
[Guest]: And there's a fine distinction that they try to draw between surplus and profit.
[Guest]: So there are Supreme Court judgments of those kinds, which put a boundary around this issue.
[Guest]: Then there are some states that have a law that says that the education institution must
[Guest]: be either a trust or a society, and that is assumed to be non-profit.
[Guest]: So it doesn't really say that education should be non-profit, it simply says that only trust
[Guest]: and society can run education institutions, which are non-profit, so therefore education
[Guest]: by default becomes non-profit.
[Guest]: Then third component of that is the CBSE board, for example, requires that the affiliated
[Guest]: schools should be non-profit.
[Guest]: So all CBSE affiliated schools have to be non-profit.
[Guest]: Similarly I think ICSE board also has similar provision.
[Guest]: IB, on the other hand, does not require that you have to be non-profit.
[Guest]: So you could be in an IB board school and be for profit, at least technically as far
[Guest]: as board is concerned, even though obviously Supreme Court judgments will go against you
[Guest]: and maybe there are some of the state laws would go against you.
[Guest]: In our research, what we have found interestingly is that Haryana is one state which allows
[Guest]: for-profit education and there are a few schools which have come up in Gurgaon which are openly
[Guest]: for-profit and therefore they have figured out a way that within Haryana you can be legally
[Guest]: for-profit as far as state law is concerned and they are affiliated with the IB board
[Guest]: and therefore IB board obviously allows you to be for-profit.
[Guest]: So that's one loophole in the system that does exist and some schools are able to use
[Amit Varma]: that.
[Amit Varma]: And is there therefore a difference in the kind of education provided in say Haryana
[Amit Varma]: and Gurgaon because you have this kind of loophole and elsewhere?
[Guest]: Hard to sort of judge that, just because of the fact that there are two or three schools
[Amit Varma]: and there are not that many.
[Guest]: And they are all very high fee schools, right, where the fees are in terms of five to six
[Guest]: lakhs a year.
[Guest]: And so they are not impacting the large part of the market.
[Guest]: So I don't think there's an impact of that on the quality of education being delivered.
[Guest]: Obviously these schools do very well, they are world-class schools obviously.
[Guest]: And but they are at least openly for-profit, which is what gives you some hope that it's
[Guest]: possible to sort of figure out a way around the system to run education, at least schools
[Amit Varma]: for-profit.
[Amit Varma]: So tell me, speaking as an economist, when you ban the profit motive or effectively ban
[Amit Varma]: the profit motive in any particular field, what do you expect to play out in that sector?
[Amit Varma]: How does it change the incentives and what are the consequences of that?
[Guest]: One thing we clearly see, and I've been here in Delhi since 1997, since CCS started.
[Guest]: And I've seen every year long queues for admission.
[Guest]: And there's a huge hoopla around and tremendous stress that parents go through to get their
[Guest]: kids admitted in the schools in Delhi.
[Guest]: And this has been repeated every year since 1997 that I have seen myself, right.
[Guest]: And you have to ask yourself, why is that the case?
[Guest]: Why are so many people not able to get into school year after year after year, right?
[Guest]: There's no area of our life I can think of where similar situations exist, right.
[Guest]: In case of housing, people who want to buy housing, willing to pay for housing, are able
[Guest]: to get their homes, right.
[Guest]: So there's no area of our life except for education, where you see the persistent shortage
[Guest]: of seats in schools.
[Guest]: And therefore, I remember a colleague of mine taking a three months break from work to get
[Guest]: her daughter admitted to a good school.
[Amit Varma]: Wow, that's a tremendous loss in value and productivity for parents.
[Guest]: And this is just one example.
[Guest]: And there are lots of parents who, and she told me that she actually ended up paying
[Guest]: fees in three different schools.
[Guest]: Because the schools she got first admitted were not her first choice.
[Guest]: So but she had to make sure that at least that seat doesn't go away.
[Guest]: So she had to pay admission fee and secure the seat in that school.
[Guest]: Second one got admitted, even that wasn't really her top choice.
[Guest]: She paid fees there.
[Guest]: Third one is where she really got in, where she finally was able to accept, right.
[Amit Varma]: It's interesting.
[Amit Varma]: Like I go to the supermarket, and if I want to buy shampoo, I can find like 50 different
[Amit Varma]: kinds of shampoo, dry hair, wet hair, itchy hair, non hair even.
[Amit Varma]: But when it comes to schools, there's a massive supply shortfall.
[Amit Varma]: And would you say a substantial part of that is because the incentives are skewed and if
[Amit Varma]: people can't set up a school for profit, why should they?
[Guest]: And so that's one part of it that the access to capital is very limited.
[Guest]: So people who are actually very good in say, running schools, whose heart into that vocation,
[Guest]: right, they will find it very difficult to start a school of their own, unless they're
[Guest]: independently wealthy, and have the resources to buy the land and build the buildings.
[Amit Varma]: Because no one's going to fund them as a venture capitalist, because there's no return of profit.
[Guest]: Exactly.
[Guest]: Legally, they cannot provide that, right.
[Guest]: So I think one thing that you see a very clear example of that, and this is just glaringly
[Guest]: obvious to anybody who wants to see it, that the nonprofit requirement education has created
[Guest]: this huge shortage, right.
[Guest]: And so much suffering happens to parents and obviously to the kids in the result of it,
[Guest]: right.
[Guest]: People are unhappy with the schools they ultimately get.
[Guest]: So that is very hard to even calculate what that means for society as a whole, where a
[Guest]: large number of children who feel that they are sort of stuck in a second, third rate
[Guest]: school compared to what they would want to have, right.
[Guest]: I think there's a huge social cost beyond the sort of economic cost of not getting right
[Guest]: education and therefore not getting the right kind of labor force and all of that.
[Guest]: I think when you begin to think about this, you realize how idiotic and how harmful this
[Guest]: idea of nonprofit in education is, right.
[Guest]: So at moral level, people seem to feel that yes, that's the right thing to do.
[Guest]: The moment you begin to look at the real world impact of this policy, you see that it just
[Guest]: makes no sense.
[Guest]: It's completely inhumane, unjust policy.
[Amit Varma]: And you hear the argument also from people that listen, education is a social service
[Amit Varma]: and it's something that the government should do.
[Amit Varma]: And they often say that if you're talking about private schools in the private sector,
[Amit Varma]: private schools are lower in quality, they charge too much and so on and so forth, which
[Amit Varma]: over the years you have, in fact, you guys have demonstrated convincingly is, it's just
[Amit Varma]: a myth.
[Amit Varma]: It's not true.
[Guest]: Can you elaborate on that a bit?
[Guest]: So I think when people think about private schools, they think of usually the high fee
[Guest]: private schools, DPSs and Vasant Valleys and international schools, right.
[Guest]: The majority of the private schools actually are what we call low fee or budget private
[Guest]: schools, right.
[Guest]: We charge anywhere between three to 500, 600 rupees a month tuition fee.
[Guest]: And this is where most of the lower middle class and even the poor now send the children
[Guest]: to, right.
[Guest]: The government schools are not living up to even their expectations, despite the free
[Guest]: midday meal, despite the free textbooks and uniforms.
[Guest]: And in Delhi, for example, they get two jerseys during winter and all of those things which
[Guest]: are given to them, even after giving all of those things for free, government schools
[Guest]: are not able to attract enough students.
[Guest]: They all go into private schools, right.
[Guest]: So that also is one aspect of this picture, that the government schools are not able to
[Guest]: give away education for free.
[Guest]: I mean, what does that tell you about the quality of a service that you cannot give
[Guest]: away for free?
[Guest]: Not just free, you are giving a lot of incentives for people to even accept that service and
[Guest]: still people are not willing to do it.
[Guest]: So I think that's the other part of the education sort of challenge we have in the country,
[Guest]: which is how the quality of government schools are and what we are doing or not doing in
[Guest]: changing that, right.
[Guest]: But the private schools, majority of them are low fee private schools.
[Guest]: So by our estimate, almost more than 85% of the schools in the country are in that low
[Guest]: fee category.
[Amit Varma]: In fact, I remember it was quite a revelation to me a few years ago when I read James Tooley's
[Amit Varma]: book, The Invisible Tree, and also I read studies by CCS, which showed that children
[Amit Varma]: of very, very poor parents, even if they could go to a free government school, the parents
[Amit Varma]: chose to send them to a private school, which was low fee by our standards, but still a
[Amit Varma]: substantial amount for the parents, simply because that's how they valued the education.
[Amit Varma]: So my question for you is, all these low fee private schools which are opening or private
[Amit Varma]: schools per se, even if they're not legally for profit, because there are so many obstacles
[Amit Varma]: to that.
[Amit Varma]: Why do they open then?
[Amit Varma]: How do they function?
[Amit Varma]: What are the loopholes?
[Amit Varma]: Are they just doing some kind of jugaad too desperately?
[Amit Varma]: You know, because ultimately, they do run for profit.
[Amit Varma]: I mean, that's why they would, they're not all just for out of philanthropy.
[Amit Varma]: How does it work?
[Guest]: How does the system work?
[Guest]: I think for small, low fee private schools, it's not really that much amount of money
[Guest]: involved.
[Guest]: If you think about it, you have 20 students in a class, they're charging five rupees a
[Guest]: month tuition fee, that's about 10,000 rupees a month that you're collecting from one class.
[Guest]: Many of them have class one to five, so basically five classes, right?
[Guest]: So total income you're for per month is 50,000 rupees, right?
[Guest]: And through which they are paying for five teachers, you are paying for the building
[Guest]: and rent, most likely renting the building, right?
[Guest]: And little bit of leftover money is pretty much what the owner gets, right?
[Guest]: Just like any other entrepreneur.
[Guest]: So I think at the low fee level, there is not really much of a problem in terms of running
[Guest]: those schools, and entrepreneurs are actually investing their full time.
[Guest]: So they get a compensation from the school as a salary, the school would pay to a principal,
[Guest]: for example, right?
[Guest]: For high fee schools, it's an issue because there's a large, much larger amount of revenue
[Guest]: that they are generating.
[Guest]: And there are many models have come up.
[Guest]: As you can imagine, we are quite ingenious in coming up with ways to bid the system.
[Guest]: And so one of the common model which is being used is to establish a sort of for profit
[Guest]: service delivery company, which will contract with a nonprofit trust and provide all the
[Guest]: services and charge a fee.
[Guest]: So basically, you are siphoning in a way indirectly all the surplus or profit from the school
[Guest]: to this service delivery company, and then company, of course, will distribute that profit
[Amit Varma]: to whoever.
[Amit Varma]: So you end up gaming the system, but there's a significant cost involved with that also,
[Amit Varma]: which is finally passed on to consumers and manifests in terms of not enough supplies,
[Amit Varma]: like the queues that you pointed out.
[Amit Varma]: Moving away from the profit motive for a moment and just talking about education in general,
[Amit Varma]: if you had to identify the biggest problems with the way education is run in this country,
[Amit Varma]: what would that be?
[Guest]: License Raj, right?
[Guest]: So the same license Raj that we had in the industry, largely before 1991, and part of
[Guest]: that we sort of abolished in 91 reforms, exists today in education, right?
[Guest]: So a study we had done in Delhi, for example, some time ago, we calculated about 36 different
[Guest]: licenses that you need to open a school.
[Guest]: That's actually far more today than the number of licenses you need to open a refinery.
[Guest]: Just imagine that, a multi-million dollar project that you want to start, you need fewer
[Guest]: licenses than opening a school in a city.
[Amit Varma]: But come on, Parth, the nation needs refineries, who needs education?
[Guest]: And so I think license Raj is one of the biggest culprits, right?
[Guest]: And that's the reason why you see the most of the new schools are run by usually real
[Guest]: estate people.
[Guest]: Majority of them have some link with the politicians, right?
[Guest]: If you ask what do they know about education that other people don't, they don't know much
[Guest]: about education, but they know they have the connections to get the licenses, to get the
[Guest]: processes working in their favor.
[Guest]: And therefore, education, which is a downside to license Raj system and the non-profit,
[Guest]: the people who are getting attracted to the field have no interest in education.
[Guest]: They have interest in other things, right?
[Guest]: And those are the guys who are running our schools and colleges.
[Guest]: So go to Maharashtra, go to Karnataka, many of the states, most colleges are run by politicians,
[Guest]: right?
[Guest]: And largely because of the fact that they are the ones who can play the system of licenses.
[Guest]: You and I just won't be able to succeed in that area, right?
[Guest]: So that's a huge cost of license Raj.
[Guest]: Just give an example, how, it's one way to think about economic costs, all of that, but
[Guest]: the human cost is even far greater.
[Guest]: I remember giving a talk about education licensing system or regulatory system at our Mussoorie
[Guest]: Academy where we train our IAS officers, right?
[Guest]: So after I gave my talk, one of the new IAS officers stood up with almost tears in his
[Guest]: eyes saying that, you know, what I really want to do in my life is to run a school.
[Guest]: I applied for a license in my town, while I was waiting for the licenses to come through,
[Guest]: I said, let's apply for IAS UPSC exam.
[Guest]: So in two tries, I passed the exam.
[Guest]: I'm here as a trainee, I still don't have a license to open a school, right?
[Guest]: The reason why he had tears in his eyes is that now, even if I get a license, my wife
[Guest]: will not allow me to give up my IAS job and go back to the town and open a school, right?
[Guest]: That really made me think that here's a person whose heart is in running a school.
[Guest]: That's what he dreams about every day.
[Guest]: That guy would never be able to run a school.
[Guest]: It would be impossible for him to give up his IAS job now and go back and run a school.
[Amit Varma]: And that's such a tragedy that it is in this field that the state has become a barrier
[Amit Varma]: between those who want to serve society and those who would benefit from that.
[Amit Varma]: And yet the state is a barrier in the middle of all that.
[Amit Varma]: Tell me, Parth, you've for almost two decades, you know, as the head of the Center for Civil
[Amit Varma]: Society, you've constantly tried to bring reforms into the system.
[Amit Varma]: What are the obstacles to those reforms?
[Amit Varma]: What are the interest groups that benefit from the status quo?
[Guest]: The biggest interest group is, I think, the bureaucracy and the teacher unions, right?
[Guest]: The current system is designed to keep the power in few hands.
[Guest]: But obviously, where there's a power, there is all the perks that go with it, right?
[Guest]: I think bureaucracy, in a sense, is the biggest beneficiary and, of course, biggest obstacle
[Guest]: to taking away, changing those rules of the game, right?
[Guest]: The second big group is the teacher unions, because they know that if you bring more competition,
[Guest]: if you open the system, you sort of remove the license raj, then their life would become
[Guest]: tougher.
[Guest]: They would not be able to just not show up for work, sign once or twice a month on a
[Guest]: register and collect their salaries, or even appoint contract teachers.
[Guest]: So in many of the remote areas, the teachers who are appointed by the government don't
[Guest]: actually show up ever.
[Guest]: They have a person in the village who shows up on their behalf at one tenth the salary
[Guest]: that they collect from the public, in a sense, right?
[Guest]: So I think it's really the two groups of people who are the biggest opponent of any change
[Guest]: in the system.
[Guest]: And the third, and as we know, the Baptists and bootleggers, right, there are NGOs who
[Guest]: believe that only salvation for India and for education is in a state run system, right?
[Guest]: So they are so committed to government run, unified, what they call common school system,
[Guest]: where every child goes to a government school in the neighborhood, right?
[Guest]: That they are very opposed to even existence of private schools, right?
[Guest]: So my constant battle outside the government and the teacher unions is with largely with
[Guest]: the NGOs, right?
[Guest]: They all well-meaning people, obviously, they all want well and good for the country and
[Guest]: for the children of India, but very misguided about what would achieve that goal.
[Amit Varma]: So what gives you hope?
[Amit Varma]: I mean, these are such strong entrenched interest groups and often in government, government
[Amit Varma]: never grows smaller, it just grows bigger and bigger and bigger.
[Amit Varma]: So what is it that gives you hope in your struggle to reform education?
[Guest]: I think hope is that people are finding their own solutions, right?
[Guest]: And the system and the demand is so high, the challenges are so huge, that no government
[Guest]: is going to be able to stop people from solving their own problems, right?
[Guest]: So these budget private schools that I talked about, are actually what I call community
[Guest]: schools.
[Guest]: These are the schools opened by people in the community, there's nobody coming from
[Guest]: outside who goes to a slum area in a town and opens a school, usually the guy who is
[Guest]: living in that area, right?
[Guest]: He sees the need, he sees there are people dying to get slightly better education, what
[Guest]: government is offering them, and then opens a school, right?
[Guest]: In many cases, I've seen that guy who runs a kirana shop in the basti, is also a guy
[Guest]: who runs a school in the basti, right?
[Guest]: So there are community schools, there are people addressing their own challenges.
[Guest]: I think that's the sort of biggest hope, that despite all the might of the state, it's not
[Amit Varma]: yet mighty enough.
[Amit Varma]: But does the state allow them to exist or because many of them are illegal, does the
[Amit Varma]: state then crack down on them?
[Guest]: It does, it does, but I think numbers are so large, that is becoming more and more difficult.
[Guest]: One part of the, of course, good thing is we are somewhat of a democracy.
[Guest]: So when a bureaucracy is striking hard on you, you can go to the politician and thereby
[Guest]: buy some time and some peace for yourself, right?
[Guest]: And so many of the schools are very well organized locally.
[Guest]: So there are associations of the schools, which work with local politicians, also sometime
[Guest]: with the local bureaucracy, to make sure that they are on the good side of the system, right?
[Guest]: And that's how they survive.
[Guest]: Obviously, they pay the bribes and all of that, that everybody does in the system.
[Guest]: But I think that's one hope and our effort has been largely to support these schools.
[Guest]: One effort of CCS has been to do advocacy on their behalf, bring attention to who these
[Guest]: schools are, what they actually do, how well they perform, right?
[Guest]: And help them to fight the system, right?
[Guest]: So we go to high courts and supreme courts on their behalf, require that due process
[Guest]: must be followed in closing them down, if you want to close them down, challenge some
[Guest]: of the rules under which they are getting closed down.
[Guest]: So I think as long as we are able to keep these schools alive, and as long as they can
[Guest]: keep prospering and expanding, I think despite the system, hopefully, we'll get slightly
[Guest]: better education for the children of India.
[Amit Varma]: Parth, thank you so much for coming on the show, it was a pleasure talking to you.
[Guest]: My pleasure.
[Unknown]: You think the episode is over?
[Amit Varma]: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
[Amit Varma]: I didn't complete the story I began at the start of this episode.
[Amit Varma]: The year is 1947.
[Amit Varma]: I'm sitting at a Starbucks at Connaught Place and Jawaharlal Nehru is sitting in a corner
[Amit Varma]: sipping his Americano.
[Amit Varma]: Just then, a lady walks in, wearing a frilly skirt, holding a parasol that has a print
[Amit Varma]: of the Union Jack on it.
[Amit Varma]: Nehru gets up and they do a mua mua social kiss on each side of the cheeks and he holds
[Amit Varma]: her elbow, practically caresses her elbow as he guides her to her chair.
[Amit Varma]: She sits down and just as she does so, I recognize her.
[Amit Varma]: This is Edwina Mountbatten.
[Amit Varma]: So Jawaharlal Nehru is having a secret rendezvous with Edwina Mountbatten at the Starbucks at
[Amit Varma]: Connaught Place.
[Amit Varma]: What fun!
[Amit Varma]: I decide I must get closer to the action to witness first-hand what happens.
[Amit Varma]: I surreptitiously order another coffee and then go and sit at the table next to them.
[Amit Varma]: They are coochie-cooing sweet things when Jawaharlal Nehru leans over and whispers something
[Amit Varma]: in her ear.
[Amit Varma]: She stands up and gives him one tight slap.
[Amit Varma]: Fatak!
[Amit Varma]: Poor Jawaharlal Nehru grabs his cheek and starts sobbing as a manager of Starbucks rushes
[Amit Varma]: over to the table.
[Amit Varma]: He asks Mrs. Mountbatten, why did you slap him?
[Amit Varma]: She replies, because he said to me, would you like to profit with me, Edwina?
[Amit Varma]: So what's wrong with that?
[Amit Varma]: Asks the Starbucks manager.
[Unknown]: Don't you know, said Edwina to him, profit is a dirty word.
[Unknown]: Next week on The Seen and the Unseen, Amit Varma will be talking to Divanshu Dutta about
[Unknown]: digital India and the absence of privacy laws.
[Unknown]: For more, go to seenunseen.in.
[Amit Varma]: If you enjoyed listening to The Seen and the Unseen, check out another show by IVM Podcast,
[Amit Varma]: Symbolified, which is hosted by my good friends Naren, Chuck, and Srikith.
[Amit Varma]: You can download it at Audioboom or iTunes.
[Unknown]: Hi, this is Amit Doshi and I wanted to thank each and every one of our listeners.
[Unknown]: It's been two years since I founded IVM and it's been an amazing two years.
[Unknown]: We wanted to learn a little bit more about who is listening to our shows and so we put
[Unknown]: together a short survey.
[Unknown]: The survey is anonymous and we aren't going to be collecting any personal information.
[Unknown]: I would really appreciate it if you could take a couple of minutes out of your day and
[Unknown]: go to ivmpodcast.com slash survey and fill it out.
[Unknown]: Thanks and please keep listening.